hi everybody today i want to recap a
buddy cop action comedy movie called
let's be cops hope you enjoy
two longtime friends justin miller a
struggling video game designer and ryan
o'malley an unemployed washed-up former
college quarterback
recall a pact they once made if they
hadn't made it in los angeles by the
time they were 30 they would head back
to their columbus hometown
as they leave a bar their car is hit by
a mercedes-benz g500 driven by an
albanian gang who intimidate them into
not retaliating
justin attempts to pitch a video game
about policemen but the idea is rudely
dismissed by his boss todd
later ryan convinces him to use the
police uniforms from his presentation as
costumes for their college reunion party
upon attending they meet many successful
former classmates and both are
confronted with a sense of failure and
they mutually accept to honor their pact
as they walk home they are treated like
real cops and decide to enjoy the gag
freeze
everybody freeze
carry on everybody be safe carry on
what do we have here
do not exhale man just keep it in
genetics hell be cool
even the cops think we're cops they kick
the albanian gang out of georgie's a
local diner
it allows justin to finally get the
attention of josie a waitress to whom he
is attracted and who works at georgie's
ryan decides to take the hoax further
than one night
he learns official procedures on youtube
and buys a used ford crown victoria
police cruiser
modifying it with decals to resemble a
real lapd car
although reluctant justin agrees to
continue the charade and through it
begins a relationship with josie
during their many shenanigans ryan and
justin end up on a real distress call
with patrol officer sagers
lapd
no
hold it dude just take off all right
we're not gonna chase you stay right
here we are gonna pinky swear we will
not chase you
he almost did it
the experience shakes justin who
realizes they face serious jail time if
exposed
he tries to retire but gets a phone call
from josie about a man frequently
harassing her at work
it turns out to be mossy kasich the
leader of the same albanian gang
can i talk to you for a second my
buddy's gonna handle this
okay that's real steel listen
you gotta leave her alone now this is
just me talking to you like a regular
guy
so i'm a cop now you did it again
once more the pair are intimidated into
doing nothing
via seggers ryan obtained surveillance
equipment to gather evidence and put
mossy away along with an unidentified
partner who has been investigating the
pair
ryan convinces justin to do an
undercover operation to obtain
information on an incriminating shipment
of crates
during the mission they discover the
crates full of swat equipment and
weapons along with secret tunnels that
run between mossy's club and georgie's
restaurant
this necessitates the acquisition of the
restaurant explaining the blackmail fed
up justin insists on mailing the
evidence anonymously but ryan finding
purpose in his life again is set on
delivering it personally
they fight and part ways
ryan brings his evidence to sagers who
recommends it go to the highest
authority which is detective brolin
unfortunately brolin is actually masi's
business partner
after instantly recognizing each other
ryan makes it out of the station but his
sudden threat has blown their cover
meanwhile justin decides to man up and
in uniform assertively pitches his game
again
one of brolin's officers shows up to try
and kill him inadvertently helping to
sell the pitch
ryan is abducted
and mossy sends a threatening message to
justin
overwhelmed justin pleased to seggers
for help after admitting everything
at the georgie's diner he also confesses
to josie that he is not a real cop which
he had made previous attempts to do and
she disgustedly leaves him
justin goes into the tunnels alone while
ryan pits mossy and brolin against each
other
[Music]
prompting mossy to shoot and kill the
detective
justin attempts to save his friend but
is overpowered saggers arrives causing
mossy and his crew to retreat
sagers admonishes the duo for their
deception and orders them to leave
before going after the mobsters without
waiting for backup
ryan and justin agree they can't abandon
him and suit up with the swat equipment
[Music]
they save sagers but he becomes
incapacitated
[Music]
the pair then face mossy alone during
which the two
reconciled oh [ __ ]
they fail to take him out but luckily
seggers is able to show up and shoots
mossy on the side of the neck saving
justin and ryan
thanks to the respective confidence and
motivation gained during their
impersonations justin has become a
successful game developer
while ryan graduates from the police
academy as a true fully fledged member
of the lapd
justin apologizes to josie and after she
forgives him they rekindle their
relationship
ryan however still has not given up on
their fun as cops together and convinces
justin to do the fake uniform once again
and join him on patrol
thanks for watching consider to
subscribe and see you again in the next
video